Relax openmp requirement (#120)
exasim-project/NeoFOAM: doc/api/executor.rst

NeoFOAM uses the MPI+X approach for parallelism, where X is the execution space used for parallelism. The `Executor` class uses Kokkos and provides an interface for memory management and specifics were to execute the operations:

- `SerialExecutor`: run on the CPU with MPI

> - `CPUExecutor`: run on the CPU with OpenMP and MPI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `CPUExecutor`: run on the CPU with OpenMP or Threads in combination with MPI
```

> - `CPUExecutor`: run on the CPU with either OpenMP or Threads in Combination and MPI

Reviewer 2: `CPUExecutor`: run on the CPU with either OpenMP Threads in Combination and MPI

> - `CPUExecutor`: run on the CPU with either OpenMP or Threads in Combination and MPI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `CPUExecutor`: run on the CPU with either OpenMP Threads in Combination and MPI
```

Reviewer 2: Is this correct? -> Does Kokkos also give native c++ threading or is it the openMP threading?

Author: Yes, kokkos also supports c++ threading: https://kokkos.org/kokkos-core-wiki/keywords.html
